Upstream multicore hello world (#15289)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> |no_changes_yet_note|
> 
> * Multicore hello world sample removed in favor of :zephyr:code-sample:`sysbuild_hello_world`, which has equivalent functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the "Multicore Hello World application" sample in favor of :zephyr:code-sample:`sysbuild_hello_world`, which has equivalent functionality.
  This also removes the Multicore samples category from the :ref:`samples` page.
```
